fix: updated readme with new instructions (#589)
openMF/mobile-wallet: README.md

## Building the Code

1. Fork the repository.

> 2. Go to your fork and clone only the dev branch using `git clone git clone -b <branch> <remote_repo>`

Reviewer: Why `git clone` is appearing twice? Also, if you want the developer to clone only dev branch then you should replace `<branch>` with `dev`.

Author: I didn't notice the git clone coming twice. Changes done

> 2. Go to your fork and clone only the dev branch using `git clone -b dev <remote_repo>`.

Reviewer 2: Mention that remote_repo url refers to your own fork and not the 'remote repository'

Author: Okay I shall put that in brackets

3. Click on 'Open an existing Android Studio project'
4. Browse to the directory where you cloned the mobile-wallet repo and click OK.
5. Let Android Studio import the project.
6. Let the gradle sync

> 7. There should be no errors in gradle/build

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. There should be no errors in gradle build
```

> 8. Set your remote origin and also set upstream to Origin repository to pull changes whenever needed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
8. Set your remote upstream to the remote repository to pull changes whenever needed, using
`git remote add upstream https://github.com/openMF/mobile-wallet.git` 
```
Origin should not be set.

Author: Okay!

> 9. To set the upstream please refer this <a href="https://help.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/syncing-a-fork">document </a>.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
9. Pull changes from dev branch of upstream, whenever needed, using
`git checkout dev`
`git pull upstream dev`
```
You need not do these, I'd prefer mentioning just the commands needed

Author: Okay!
